---
title: LatinR Slack - Code of Conduct
isStaticPost: false
layout: post
lang: en
ref: coc-slack
date: 2018-07-27
---

#### Welcome!

The LatinR Slack is a virtual space dedicated to meet and share experiences with attendees, authors and organizers of LatinR before and during the conference.

Everyone in this workspace is required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organisers will enforce this code throughout the event and previous months. We expect cooperation from all participants to help ensure a safe environment for everybody. Please be welcoming, be kind and look out for each other.

We want this to be a fun, friendly, and harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), ideology or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment of participants in any form. Discriminatory jokes and sexual language and imagery are not appropriate in any channel or direct messages.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately. If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the conference organisers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the workspace and/or the conference with no refund.

Also we expect participants to follow these rules at conference and workshop venues and conference-related social events.

#### Neep help?

If you need help about the use of Slack, please comment in the #dudas channel so everybody can help you. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact the administrators immediately. Conference staff will be happy to assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference.

<p align="center">

<a href="http://latin-r.com/coc/" class="btn btn-primary waves-effect waves-button waves-light waves-float" target="_blank">LatinR Code of Conduct</a>

</p>

Adapted from <http://confcodeofconduct.com>.
