---
layout: post
title:  "Call for Papers"
isStaticPost: false
lang: en
date: 2023-04-24
ref: call-for-papers-2023
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

#### LatinR2023 \<- "Latinamerican Conference About the use of R in R&D"

<br> <br> The sixth edition of the conference will take place in
Montevideo, Uruguay, between October 18th and 20th. In this edition it
will be possible to participate with oral presentations, lightning talks
and posters. <br>

##### Topics

The suggested topics for this edition are the following:

-   Applications of R in different disciplines of academy and industry.
    All fields of knowledge and their combinations are welcome.

-   New packages development.

-   Innovative use of existing R packages.

-   Use of R in teaching

-   Innovative initiatives for learning R

-   Experiment design using R

-   Reproducible research with R

-   Machine learning with R

-   Data visualization with R

-   Network analysis with R

-   Uses of R in government and public services

-   Use of R for open data analysis

-   Use of R with other programming languages and platforms <br><br>


<br>

<div class="boxBorder">
You can register using eventbrite at this [link](https://www.eventbrite.cl/e/latinr-2023-conferencia-latinoamericana-sobre-uso-de-r-en-id-tickets-637517701607?utm-campaign=social&utm-content=attendeeshare&utm-medium=discovery&utm-term=listing&utm-source=cp&aff=escb) selection the corresponding ticket.


</div>

<br><br><br><br>

##### Types of submissions

###### Oral presentations

Presentations about results of research projects, developments or
initiatives that, due to their originality or potential application and
impact on the use or development of R in academia or industry, are of
interest to the regional R community. Those who participate in this
modality will have 20 minutes for the presentation and 5 minutes for
Q&A. <br> 


###### Lightning Talks

Lightning talks provide an opportunity to present and discuss advances,
ideas, ongoing research, experiences and challenges related to LatinR's
topics. Those who participate in this modality will have 5 minutes for
the presentation. Lightning talks will be grouped into thematic sessions
that will include a final round of Q&A. <br> 

###### Posters

Like Lightning Talks, the posters provide an opportunity to present
progress and ongoing projects related to LatinR's topics. During the
conference there will be a time block for the presentation of posters
and dialogue with the audience. <br><br>

##### Submitting a proposal

-   All the proposals will have to be submitted as a PDF, **without
    authors' names nor their affiliations**, letter sized document,
    typed using a font size 11 and single line spacing. Maximum 2 pages.

-   There is a package developed by Elio Campitelli that allows you to
    create the abstract as an R Markdown file. You can see the details
    [here](https://latin-r.com/blog/latinr-package). In previous
    editions, it was possible to send the abstracts directly from
    RStudio; however, due to changes with the previous platform
    (EasyChair), we will be using a new one (Open Review) and the
    automated submission won't be available.

If you prefer using a different text editor, we kindly ask you to use
[this
template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bK7JrGb1qgr4abjF1kU9pXgqNOAtXFlx/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=107644076848762167027&rtpof=true&sd=true).

-   The submissions will be accepted via the [Open
    Review](https://openreview.net/group?id=LATIN-R.com/2023/Conference)
    platform. You will have to register before hand. Please, do this as
    soon as you can, as the account activation on Open Review can take
    up to 24 hours.

-   For those sending proposals authored by more than one person, only
    one of them has to sign up on Open Review.

-   You can only submit one proposal as the main author, but you are
    welcome to contribute as the co-author of two other submissions.

-   All the submissions will be carefully reviewed by the Scientific
    Committee (soon to be announced), considering their originallity,
    contributions, quality and clarity. <br>

##### Key dates

**Submission deadline**: ~~May 31st, 2023~~ June 16th, 2023

**Acceptation notice**: early August 2023
